DBZ-7218 Clarify Oracle log destination requirements (#5085)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/oracle.adoc

Consult with your database administrator to evaluate whether the database might require increased log capacity.

> === Archive log destinations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Type: procedure
// ModuleID: oracle-connector-specifying-the-archive-log-destination
// Title: Specifying the archive log destination that the {prodname} Oracle connector uses 
=== Archive log destinations
```

All log destination details are found in the `V$ARCHIVED_DEST_STATUS` table in the Oracle database.

The {prodname} Oracle connector only uses destinations that have a status of `VALID` and a type of `LOCAL`.
If multiple destinations are configured in your Oracle environment that satisfy that criteria, then please consult your Oracle administrator to determine which archive log destination should be used.
You will need to provide the `log.mining.archive.destination.name` configuration property to control which path {prodname} uses.

As an example, if both the `LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_2` and `LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_3` destinations satisfy the criteria and the administrator has confirmed that destination three should be used, you would provide this configuration using the `log.mining.archive.destination.name` property as follows:

[source,json]
----
{
  "log.mining.archive.destination.name": "LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_3"
}
----

[WARNING]
====
If multiple valid paths are configured as `LOCAL` and the destination name is not provided in the connector configuration, the {prodname} Oracle connector will use a random path.

> This can lead to missing logfile problems sporadically, especially if the retention policy for one path that is picked is less than the others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the retention policy that is configured for each destination might differ, this can lead to errors if the connector selects a path from which the requested log data was deleted.
```
